likewise this is the law of the trespass
offering it is most holy in the place
where they kill the burnt offering they
shall kill the trespass offering and its
blood he shall sprinkle all around on
the altar and he shall offer from it all
it's facts the fat tails and the fat
that covers the entrails the two kidneys
and the fat that is on them by the
flanks and the fatty lobe attached to
the liver above the kidneys he shall
removed and the priest shall burn them
on the altar as an offering made by fire
to the Lord it is a trespass offering
every male among the priests may eat it
it shall be eaten in a holy place it is
most only the trespass offering is like
the sin offering there is one law for
them both the priest who makes atonement
with it shall have it and the priest who
offers anyone's burnt offering that
priest shall have for himself the skin
of the burnt offering which he has
offered also every grain offering that
is baked in the oven and all that is
prepared in the covered pan or in a pan
shall be the priests who offers it every
grain offering whether mixed with oil or
dry shall belong to all the sons of
Aaron 2:1 as much as the other this is
the law of the sacrifice of peace
offerings which he shall offer to the
Lord if he offers it for a Thanksgiving
then he shall offer with the sacrifice
of Thanksgiving unleavened cakes mixed
with oil unleavened wafers anointed with
oil or cakes of blended flour mixed with
oil
besides the cakes as his offering he
shall offer leavened bread with the
sacrifice of Thanksgiving of his peace
offering and from it he shall offer one
cake from each offering as a heave of
ring to the Lord it shall belong to the
priest who sprinkles the blood of the
peace-offering
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
offering for Thanksgiving shall be eaten
the same day it is offered he shall not
leave any of it until morning but if the
sacrifice of his offering is a vow or a
voluntary offering it shall be eaten the
same day that he offers his sacrifice
but on the next day the remainder of it
also may be eaten the remainder of the
flesh of the sacrifice on the third day
must be burned with fire and if any of
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
offering is eaten at all on the third
day it shall not be accepted nor shall
it be imputed to him it shall be an
abomination to him who offers it and the
person who eats of it shall bear guilt
the flesh that touches any unclean thing
shall not be eaten it shall be burned
with fire and as for the clean flesh all
who are clean may eat of it but the
person who eats the flesh of the
sacrifice of the peace offering that
belongs to the Lord while he is unclean
that person shall be cut off from his
people
moreover the person who touches any
unclean thing such as human uncleanness
an unclean animal or any abominable
unclean thing and who eats the flesh of
the sacrifice of the peace offering that
belongs to the Lord that person shall be
from his people and the Lord spoke to
Moses speak to the children of Israel
saying you shall not eat any fat of ox
or sheep or goat and the fat of an
animal that dies naturally and the fat
of what is torn by wild beasts may be
used in any other way but you shall by
no means eat it for whoever eats the fat
of the animal of which men offer an
offering made by fire to the Lord the
person who eats it shall be cut off from
his people
moreover you shall not eat any blood in
any of your dwellings whether of bird or
beast whoever eats any blood that person
shall be cut off from his people then
the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
children of Israel saying he who offers
the sacrifice of his peace offering to
the Lord shall bring his offering to the
Lord from the sacrifice of his peace
offering his own hands shall bring the
offerings made by fire to the Lord the
fact with the breasts he shall bring
that the breasts may be waved as a wave
offering before the Lord and the priests
shall burn the fat on the altar but the
breasts shall be Aaron's and his sons
also the right thigh you shall give to
the priest as a heave offering from the
sacrifices of your peace offerings he
among the sons of Aaron who offers the
blood of the peace-offering and the fat
shall have the right thigh for his part
for the breasts of the wave offering and
the thigh of the heave offering I have
taken from the children of Israel from
the sacrifices of their peace offerings
and I have given them to err on the
priests and to his sons from the
children of Israel by a statute for ever
this is the consecrated portion for
Aaron and his sons from the offerings
made by fire to the Lord
on the day when Moses presented them to
minister to the Lord as priests
the LORD commanded this to be given to
them by the children of Israel on the
day that he anointed them by a statute
forever throughout their generations
this is the law of the burnt offering
the grain offering the sin offering the
trespass offering the consecrations and
the sacrifice of the peace offering
which the LORD commanded Moses on Mount
Sinai on the day when he commanded the
children of Israel to offer their
offerings to the Lord in the wilderness
of Sinai